yes ladies and gentlemen is bored easy
academics and Floyd Mayweather has
announced his next opponent to fight on
May third 2014 and that opponent is none
other than Marcos Maidana now if you
don't know who Marcos Maidana is he's
the guy who gave pretty much a boxing
exhibition a good old world star be down
to none other than previously undefeated
fighter Adrian the Coon Broner now full
disclosure I wouldn't say I am a boxing
professional or I know the most about
boxing but i will say that Floyd
Mayweather has now chosen a worthy
opponent most boxing aficionados hoped
he would face none other than American
but he has chosen to go against Marcos
Maidana now he could be going against
Maidana to revenge the loss of one
Adrien Broner or it could really just go
against my down just the once again poo
Maidana can't do what the other 45
people have tried to do and failed which
is defeat Floyd Mayweather now i will
say that floyd mayweather he's in a very
interesting predicament he decapitated
his last opponent who was Canelo Alvarez
and he won that fight in a split
decision even though most people thought
it should have been unanimous he gave a
box in tutorial and I was thought to be
the best available opponent for Floyd
Mayweather at the time so now he is
defeated him and who's next now merkon
was projected to be the next opponent
Floyd Mayweather before it has gone a
different route by choosing Maidana now
of course is his moniker goes money
Mayweather he's expected to receive over
or about the same as he received for the
Guerrero fight which received about 32
million dollars in guaranteed money
which should be the same for the Maidana
fighter if you guys don't know the
record was him receiving 40 1.5 million
guaranteed for beam-out Canelo Alvarez
it and it's expected to be a little bit
less it's absolutely amazing that
Mayweather son has that fire and a
desire to keep on win and keep on
furthering his legacy in the sport of
boxing he still has the will to win and
he still hasn't never lost a fight to be
still going through all of this while
he'll be 37 years of age this is
amazing Floyd Mayweather is nothing but
a legend I will salute him and also I
will definitely be tuning in to not only
the all-access episodes versus him in
Maidana but also i'll definitely be
tuned into the fight so definitely can't
wait for this may third is the date is
going down Mayweather versus Maidana
should be a spectacle Adrien Broner
should have a pen and pad and should be
taking notes on what he should have done
once again is your boy these academics
make sure hit that like button also
Connor will you think about the
situation do you think that Floyd still
has it do you think that fire that's in
Floyds eyes might be just dwindling and
he might just not even care that much
about still continuing to win or do you
think that ford will continue his legacy
and proving that he's not only the best
fighter of our generation but one of the
best fighters ever get in the comment
box make sure you like my page